How's that noise? What noise? It sounded like a cat. I think it was a squeak from my mic boom.
Oh, my video's not on. It's...
Oh my god. What is that? What is it? Are you dressed like me? I'm sorry, what?
You and Ken, I mean you guys wear these cool necklaces and like you're not the only men that can wear necklaces. I can wear a necklace.
I totally love a necklace. It's funny because you're calling it a necklose and me and Ken will call it a chain.
Is that what they're called?
Oh my god, that looks like a Cuban link too.
Oh really? Maybe it is from Cuba.
I'm going to wear it to Miami.
Just see if anybody says anything.
Just like see, like, would people just think, "Oh, this is how Adam dresses when he's like in person?"
It looks a little off on you. I can't tell what it is.
Maybe it's just so out of the character.
You know this is a joke, right? You know I'm not actually going to wear a necklace.
I know it's a joke, but I'm like, "Why does it look so funny?"
That's what I want to know because like I thought about how when I put it, so I bought this just for this, just to gag you, just to prank you.
But I thought about like it's going to look so weird on me. I put it on. It does look so weird on me and I thought like it doesn't look weird on Dax or Ken.
Why? What is it about me?
Is that like a real chain?
I got on Amazon. I mean it's, I don't think it's real gold.
Okay, I'm going to say, because look how like yellow it looks, it looks like a cartoon concept in gold.
My mind's like, you know, like a little dull.
Okay, so if mine were duller, would I look normal in a, "Oh, do I got to tuck it in the shirt? I got to tuck it in the shirt."
Well, it depends. Sometimes I tuck it in, sometimes I don't, well, now we can't see it at all.
No, you can't even see it.
Just a little subtle like a little, is that nice?
That's funny. Okay, I'm taking it off.
I think you start trying to try to get a real one.
I'm not, no, I'm not actually going to wear one.
I'm going to send this back. Amazon returns are too easy.
I've won one for a while, but it's because it's like someone my mom got me.
It's not.
Oh, nice. It's like sentimental value.
Yeah, it wasn't like, I was, initially it wasn't like someone that wants to go get a chain, but then Liz's dad.
So the one I'm wearing now is Liz's dad's.
Because he had one that was like
super old and he gave it to me and it looked really bad because it was old.
But then we took it to the place and they polished it and then it looks like amazing now.
And it's like worth a good amount of money. So it was like a nice, nice thing.
That's awesome. Yeah, I don't know why it looks so weird on me and it doesn't look weird on you.
I really, I'm not making fun of you. It looks totally normal.
If this is what it would be like, if I got a tattoo, it would look totally wrong.
Maybe. Yeah, it is crazy how people's like personality can kind of affect their appearance, but.
So like something just don't match, but I don't know.
When you're in Miami, you can put this one on and we'll see if it looks weird still.
Okay. Yeah, we'll see if anyone notices that you're not wearing one and then I am wearing one.
I was going to come on to be being like, wait, did you lose your chain?
Adam's borrowing it for an experiment.
I'm sick, by the way. I don't know if that was clear.
Yeah, no, I could tell. I might notice a little stuffy, but I don't think I'm sick.
Interesting. I slept terrible. Do you track your sleep?
Have we talked about this like three times?
I have an eight sleep, so it's like I can't not track my sleep, you know?
Do you know like what a sleep score is?
Yeah, my sleep's sort of always amazing every single day.
Really? Like how amazing?
Like 90s.
Really? You're like Casey. I get like 80s are good for me.
Most days are in the 70s and this morning was like 47.
I slept like three hours. I couldn't sleep because of how sick and stuffy.
So like I'm not going to get better because I'm not sleeping, you know?
You're checking your score.
Okay, 85 today, but I went to sleep on characteristics late today.
What the why'd you go to sleep so late? You mean last night?
I was actually working. I was super into into work.
You know that thing that I always say where if you just change up your workflow,
you get a proximity boost, even if the workflows are better.
So that kind of happens to me yesterday because do you remember I was asking a while ago,
like, Hey, has anyone made a better front end for GitHub issues?
Because I'd love to like actually use GitHub issues for us as T stuff.
And it's just so slow when you're managing the stuff day to day.
And I know and I know there was an app that like synced the issues to linear and it would be bidirectional.
So changes you made in linear would reflect back.
And I used that a while ago, but it was like a little off.
But then I remembered, Oh, linear actually released a native version of this.
So they have this thing where you can connect your GitHub and it syncs everything into linear.
Also, like it just like kills me how good they are itself like you connect it like a normal country GitHub thing.
Then they have this migration assistant flow to like import your existing issues.
And they just like thought of like every little detail.
It's like they knew that okay, sometimes some of the users and the GitHub issues are going to be people on your team.
So let's help you map them like just every little detail was just flawlessly executed and it's like damn.
Even the places where like, like that's less about like speed and performance.
And that's more about just like really good details, right?
Yeah. So even there they did a great job.
So you sync it over and it's perfect like everything works.
Like everything's synced by directionally.
They have like a native like a different comments UI pops up so that when users are commenting on GitHub,
they like still show up inside a linear ticket as though it's like a native comment and everything.
Yeah. And it all just works and it's obviously fast and super performant like linear.
So now they just fix GitHub issues like you just don't have to use GitHub issues at all if you're maintaining a project
and it all just works and have to like look at a bit of issue screen again.
So that they were really excited to me.
So I was like just burning down a bunch of issues.
Is there actually an issue or a sorry, that was going to be stated.
There's actually a problem with GitHub issues or is it just GitHub notifications?
Because that's the thing I hate about GitHub is notifications are meaningless.
There's just so many of them.
If you do anything at all on GitHub, you just get overwhelmed and then you don't look at them anymore because they're pointless.
Yeah, I think notifications are much, much more broad problem because even if you just create an issue,
you like might miss the fact that someone replied and everything is notifications are bad.
Yeah.
I don't really like when you're actually working on like when you're someone that's working across a bunch of issues,
your workflow isn't really notification driven. It's just like you want to view where you see all the most recently updated issues
in that order and you just go through it.
Yeah.
So that's what I get in linear and then obviously linear has notifications as well and that also just works.
So yeah, it's funny because I go a few weeks ago, I was like, man, someone should just build this.
Someone should just build like a better find for GitHub issues, but linear already did.
Linear was just like, yeah, it's like their scope is broader if they like also solved this problem as like a subset of whatever they're doing.
That's awesome.
That's an interesting startup product thing.
I hate the term product market fit because it just sounds, the people who say it just bother me.
I know it means something, but it just bothers me, the people who talk about product market fit.
But I guess like from a startup strategy perspective, just make a broad thing and then be like, oh, you know what?
A lot of developers are using this.
Let's make like a thing that makes it really good for developers.
Is that a strategy that other people, like have you heard of this?
Do people do this?
Does this have a name?
Well, this happens all the time where like someone with a better, there'll be like a bunch of people trying to like solve a problem.
Then someone with like a better angle on it solves many problems and also that problem and like kills you.
So that's usually like, if you look at SST ion, like we were always thinking from that perspective of what would what could come out that can make SST like irrelevant.
Yeah.
And we realize like the moment someone does something like what we're doing, but not pinned to AWS, where's irrelevant?
Because like their thing can do our stuff and other stuff.
Yeah.
But yeah, you kind of have to always like watch out for that.
The other thing I was a little bit interested in then with this is, yeah, this thing where like you build a front end, a better front end for an existing like big product.
That usually doesn't work out, but in linear's case, they're like, they're obviously big on their own.
So it's a little bit different.
But this thing I just grabbed with GitHub, they're doing with everything.
They're doing it with like Asana with Jira with with all the existing software.
So you can literally be on a team that's like we've been using Jira for 10 years and you're like, I fucking hate this.
You personally can go create a linear account and just use linear and the rest of the team wouldn't even know.
That's amazing because a lot of people hate those tools like Jira and rally and whatever.
Yeah, and like you're never going to convince certain teams to put an effort to switch.
Or I was on a team that went through like four of them and ended up back on rally.
It was like started one place and then ended up back on it like eight years later.
It's like they can't, they just can't decide like every PM or person, every top stakeholder decides something different.
And then there's like a six month migration and then they're on it for a year.
That whole thing.
It's fine with a lot of these tools.
Like the unset thing is is the tools are the problem.
It's like it's hard to use.
It's hard to be organized and like have a good process.
It just makes you think about organization sites.
Man, my brain is slow today.
I mean, it's always pretty slow, but just heads up.
It's going to be rough.
Like you're going to try to have a normal conversation with me and I'm just going to be like boom.
Like normal then.
Ouch.
Yeah, just organization size.
Like I feel like sometimes I talk about the small team thing.
I know you talk about the small team thing.
A lot.
Like the future belongs to these tiny teams.
It can do more and more all the time, more leverage per person.
So you have these small teams doing big, big things.
But then there is like the other side where you need the big, big companies.
Like Amazon has to exist because you can't do what Amazon does with AWS with a small team.
Lots of those cases where there's big companies that need to exist.
I feel like in the middle is where you're in trouble.
Like if you're like 200 engineering team, I don't know.
I just, good luck.
Like I feel like a team of five is going to come in under you and do what you're doing better and more efficiently.
Or like you're just never going to compete with the big company, right?
Is there like any theory around this?
Why do I keep searching for validation?
I keep looking for like, has anyone written a book about this?
Could you tell me what it's called?
We could just talk about it.
It's funny.
You bring this up because I've been thinking a lot about this over the last couple of days as well.
But before we get into that, there actually is a theory of what you're talking about.
But again, much more broad, but actually I've applied to this.
Just in general, middle zones in approaches tend to be really bad.
And there's like lots of cases like this.
Like it's very, it's good to like go to extremes.
Yeah.
Like if you're doing a little heroin, that's okay.
A lot of heroin.
Also, okay.
Like middle zone heroin?
Not so good.
You need to go all in or just dabble.
Yeah.
Otherwise, what's the point?
But I think we've talked a little bit before.
Like a lot of celebs of work is built on this idea.
This barbell strategy idea is what he calls it.
Oh, right.
I've heard this.
Just so the two waits at the end.
Nothing in the middle.
But yeah, it's funny because I had this weird feeling where, of course, me, you, a bunch
of people harp on this.
Small teams are important and good and can do a lot.
It's a thing that's in the air.
Like, oh yeah, like a lot of times small teams out ship bigger teams.
So we do talk about it a lot.
But at the same time, I feel like we don't talk about it enough and it should be driving
people insane because there are so many examples that we just take for granted and don't look
at where a small team is acts is like demolishing a bigger team, like destroying a bigger team.
Yeah.
And we're just like, oh yeah, that sometimes happens.
But then when you think about it, like, what the hell, like that is crazy that like someone
spending millions of dollars and having no impact and we're just like, okay, with this.
Like, yeah, I was joking the other day where I'm like, people should be like committing suicide
when they find this out.
When they find out that like a small team is doing that, like it should be that.
It should be really good.
It's serious.
It's awesome.
Like you've never laughed more on the podcast than when you just talked about suicide.
That was awesome.
I'm just like, yeah, I'm just picturing like, you know, in Japan where the samurai's like
commit something.
Oh, like, it's like a noble thing.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm just like, people should be doing that because I was entered again to brag a little
bit.
So indulge me.
There's like a set of companies that are considered like SST competitors are in the
same zone as us.
And I was looking at their NPM stats from like around the time the SST came out.
They all kind of came out at the same time and completely flat charts for all of them,
like barely any growth, like insanely small to the point where I'm just like, how are
they motivated to like get up in the morning and keep working on this?
Like it's just not working.
Yeah.
And you look up all these companies and they're like so much big.
I mean, they're not like huge 200 Pearson companies, but you know, worth three, they might
be like 10.
Some of them are like 30.
They have like full time people doing stuff that I spent like 10% of my time doing and
wish I could spend more.
Yeah.
And it's just not working at all.
And like how do people go on every single day?
Because I know if I'm looking at their stats, they're looking at ours for sure.
And aren't they just like, what the fuck?
Is it possible that not every DevTools company looks at those stats?
Impossible.
It seems.
Is it possible?
Sometimes I'm surprised by humanity, from like, why would anybody ever do that?
Why do they have to warn you not to do that?
And they're like, well, there's people that would do that.
Right.
So is there a possibility they're just completely oblivious?
And that's not a metric they care about or track or think about it.
I guess what I'm describing, I am describing people where I'm like, I don't understand
how they're operating.
So it is possible, but like they kind of at least be looking at their own stats, right?
Their own stats are just flat, just flat for like, maybe they're looking at their website
traffic or something.
Maybe they're looking at some status, not the right stat.
Like they're publishing their publishing MPM packages, but they're not looking at MPM
downloads.
That's what I'm talking about.
I look at MPM downloads.
Yeah.
Maybe they, I don't know.
I guess.
Okay.
So because I was thinking like, I've never looked at MPM stats for anything.
But I guess like, I don't publish MPM packages.
So that makes sense.
But if you're a business trying to like distribute MPM packages.
If you're a business actually publishing an MPM package, you would be aware of the stat.
So it should be a hundred percent participation in the looking at MPM downloads stat, if you're
a dev tools company.
Sounds like.
I think so.
But I guess yeah, because anything is possible, but it's just like, and they're doing all
the same things.
They're like writing these long blog posts where they write these blog posts that are
like more detailed than anything I remotely have the attention span to read or write.
Like I've never put that much effort into producing anything like that.
And like they do that and I put in all that effort and then I look at their chart and
it's just like, there's less downloads that week, you know, it's just, how do they go on?
So you look at the stats a lot.
Maybe they're just going on the other end of the barbell and just not looking at them
at all.
They're just like, we're going to work on our business and we're not going to like
observe anything about it.
We're just going to keep pushing stuff out there.
It's like the people who, yeah, the people who are like, I'm just going to keep making
content.
I'm not going to look at the numbers.
It's like that.
That whole attitude.
It's like confidence.
Like, I don't need to see it.
I mean, the difference is you got to, you know, you need to send your quarterly investor
updates.
So that's a good point away from it so much.
Yeah.
Okay.
So then they all have to be looking at those stats because that would definitely be something
that an investor in a DevTools company would be like, wait, all my other in dev tool port
codes, send me in there much.
Don't you have MPM packages?
Let's get some numbers.
Okay.
So they're all just depressed.
That's the answer.
But I don't think they are like, how are, because for me, I like my motive and my hold
in our whole team is like this, our motivation, our emotions, how we feel, what we feel like
working on.
It's so driven by looking at those things because it's a pulse on whether what we're
doing is working.
Yeah.
And I can't imagine like the thing that strikes me is if my chart looked like theirs, I would
have started over with a brand new company like five times over now.
There's no point in continuing when it's that ineffective.
I don't think this is specific to DevTools.
I think this is the broader general talking about the zerp thing, the zero interest rate.
Like I just think there's a, there's been an era of startups where it's like, you're
not really concerned with metrics or how things are going.
It's like we have runway, we have two years of runway, like we raised a bunch of money.
Who cares?
Yeah.
Like do some founders honestly just not even care if it works out?
Is it just like this was a ride?
It's like this was fun.
I think so.
It feels that way.
Good time.
Yeah.
Raised the money, had a office space in the Bay Area.
I don't know.
That's probably, now I'm getting way too specific.
I mean, I was a lot of people like eight years ago, but office space in the Bay Area on Market
Street on the fourth floor.
What are you talking about?
Sorry.
I'm thinking about specific founders here.
No, there was an experience with a very large consumer website, the founders had an office
and they had, they told us about their baller water.
Now it's a, and they're not going to hear this, like that they, they literally had water
bottles printed that said baller on them.
And they were so proud of it that they told us, we just met them.
We got in a vehicle with them and they're like, yeah, we just got our baller water in,
check this out.
And they're like showing us the photos.
And that's what I think about most founders in Silicon Valley.
That's like.
That's so fun.
Baller water.
Yeah.
Good job guys.
Because it just raised like $60 million.
So like they had all this cash and they were a couple of characters.
Man, I'm white.
I'm such a white guy.
A couple of characters.
They're a couple of characters with their baller.
They're old.
I'm not sure if that's a white or an old thing.
I'm both.
So it could be either.
Yeah.
That's really funny.
So I saw a tweet a couple of days ago.
I think it's my suit, Kyle, like the mixed panel founder that he didn't mighty and that
was working on this AI image thing.
Yeah.
He was like, good looking guy.
Can I say that?
I don't know.
Just I can see his little avatar.
He's got a good photo, good avatar, you know, he's got a nice appearance to him.
I don't know.
Like he looks clean.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's a good.
He's got a good profile photo.
I don't think it's so much his face and his appearance is like, good job on that photo.
Like the right lighting.
Everything about it.
It's like, it's really accentuating the good parts of him.
I feel like.
Does that make sense?
You should be right.
He's proud of him.
Yeah.
It just popped in my head and I just had to say it.
It's like, that's what I do on the podcast is I'm just going to say it's in my head and
that was in my head.
I don't remember exactly what he said or how he phrased it, but it was something along
the lines of like when you're a founder, the stakes are so high because your dream job
is at stake because like for a lot of founders, I think they love their day to day and it's
like the best job ever, and if the company doesn't work out, they lose that job and I
relate to that so much.
I was like, I love my job so much that if the company doesn't work out, that's going
to be like the biggest loss for me that yeah, I can't do the same thing every day anymore.
So that is like extremely motivating.
So yeah, I guess you're describing where you're describing also makes sense where I'm like,
maybe people don't like, they're not that emotionally attached to it.
They're just like, kind of see more like a normal job and if it ends, it ends and they
move on to the next thing.
Or it was just too easy for long enough, like if you raise $60 million off one meeting and
it was pretty easy, maybe you're like, I don't know, if it doesn't work out, I'll just do
it again.
Oh yeah.
Like how hard is this?
This founder thing.
Piece of cake when there was just money everywhere, I don't know.
Maybe fundraising just got too easy.
And so people didn't really realize the opportunity in front of them.
Like how many, yeah, I want to know now, like how many founders after their startup fails
because we know 95% of startups fail or whatever after they fail.
What is the like breakdown, like the Gantt chart or whatever?
That's not a Gantt chart.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like the bars get smaller.
Yeah, you're talking about the one with a funnel chart.
Okay.
But the reason I'm laughing is because that was an orgy chart that was going around.
What?
I honestly didn't see it.
Like on Twitter or something?
Yeah, it's funny that I'm forgetting it was everybody was making jokes about this type
of chart now because recently, like this is, I'm topical on accident.
This woman who's like pretty notable.
She's like, she's definitely a sex worker, I guess, in that field.
But she like has like this autistic level of like analysis over everything in that world.
Yeah.
Like had a birthday or a G for herself and she like documented in detail like the process.
And she like created one of those funnel charts to see what the outcome of people that like
applied to be part of it and like where they ended up like all the way.
Yeah.
And like fully details.
Everyone was like joking about that because it was like really insane.
But that's.
Yeah.
I only see them in like Google search console or whatever.
But I'm just looking at website analytics, but I'm sure that topical reference.
Well, no, I'm going to lean into it.
Yeah.
That's what I saw.
I'm bringing it up because I'm on top of trends, but you know what I mean?
Like I want to know where do startup founders end up?
Where do they go after their startup fails?
Do you know?
A lot of people were talking about this and this kind of happened where and I think this
is like a huge signal who you really are a bunch of people that raised money in the
last two years or so like right when like on the cusp of before everything became a lot
harder.
Yeah.
A lot of them returned the money and went back to their jobs in big tech.
Interesting.
And to me, that's like impossible for me.
Like I would never do that.
I would like try a million ideas.
So there were zero dollars in the bank before I like moved off of it.
But there were a lot of people that did that.
They like left their PM job at Google, started a company, spent a year as worth a burn, gave
the money back and went back to that job.
So, yeah, I think it was like a random, yeah, I'm just going to go try this for a little
bit type of.
Interesting.
That was available to a lot of people for a while.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Like if I would have done that, if I didn't have a co-founder that was good at sticking
with stuff, like I don't think I would return the money.
I think I would just like keep trying.
Yeah.
Like return the money is a crazy point because you're like, you still have the weird conversation.
It's a weird conversation.
Option to try more.
Yeah.
Huh.
Man, I do remember the beginning.
You're just taking me back.
This probably has nothing to do with it.
Now I remember in like early days after quitting jobs and not having like, it took us a year
to fundraise.
We thought it'd take six months.
So like we liquidated IRAs.
I mean, we literally were down to like, because we had one employee and we were down to like,
I don't know if we can pay him and this is going to feel bad.
And then we raised our seat.
So it was a happy ending, but man, there's some stress in the founding thing.
I guess I never really thought about like my pull to stay in this job.
But yeah, no, I mean, I, we definitely fought really hard to, to keep the company alive
because it was like our baby.
I think it was more of that than it was like, I mean, my job looked pretty similar before.
It was like, I was on my own anyway.
I don't know where I'm going with this.
Just, you're just made me think, you made me think for the first time today.
I've just been taking baths and drinking herbal tea.
The other thing that I read that I think is really interesting advice is so you were talking
about how many of these people may have raised a bunch of money and they're like, that was
easier and probably just do it again.
Someone was like, people should operate more like their NBA players where there's a small
window where they're going to make a lot of money, but that's going to go away and they
have to live a whole lifetime in whatever they built such a good and I'm like, that advice
probably would have been really good for a lot of people.
Yeah.
No, that's perfect.
I think like, I mean, I do stuff with sports, right?
Like, I start up a very sports centric.
So I think about these salaries and salary caps and all the stuff that goes into it and
it's hard if you follow sports not to think about like, wow, a lot of these guys like
30 and it's like, there's a cliff, especially depending on position and sport you play.
Like, your career is literally 10 years and that's just such a different life.
But then you think about technology and it's like, I don't know.
How much longer is our window?
Yeah.
So like, you never know.
So you might as well operate that way.
Yeah.
Another funny thought where I was like, you know, I think I'm pretty smart and pretty
good at my job and I'm wondering if everyone that's better than me is already retired.
And that's why I never hear from them.
I feel like if you're like better than me, you're like at the point where you're already
like very successful and then you're just like, you made your money and now you're out.
Yeah.
And you're out.
So that's what it feels like on Twitter, doesn't it?
Does it kind of feel that way to you?
Like when I describe it that way, it's like, uh, like we're definitely at a level and there's
no one like really above us.
And then I'm assuming the people above us are just like above it all because they're
crazy rich.
So I, I am not you.
I don't want, I don't actually have lots of good things to say.
So I feel like on Twitter, you probably do feel like, why is everyone else an idiot?
I don't feel that way.
Cause I'm also an idiot.
Uh, on the barbell, you're on one end and I'm on the other.
We'll just say that.
No, that's not true.
You feel like I wasn't an idiot too.
Don't lie.
I don't feel like everyone's an idiot, but I guess like post things and you get replies
and you're like, why are people so stupid?
Okay.
Yes.
Sometimes.
Sure.
Yeah.
I felt that.
But I would also say that my personality is very like deferred to authority.
So I always assume there are people above me at all times.
No, they're two.
They're keeping things.
Okay.
I do too.
But, but my point is they're not, they're never around in our circle.
So they just cashed out and they're like, I'm done here.
There was a, who was the founder?
Wow.
I'm blanking on his name.
Uh, founded like an analytics thing that got sold to Stripe.
No, I'm butchering this for profit.
Well, no.
Is that a company?
There's a founder who was kind of like in our community in the like, well, more like
the like startup indie hacking space, probably not really our community, but he's like somebody
that you bump into on Twitter and sold this company.
I want to say it's like Stripe or something like that for like a hundred million.
And you kind of saw him tweeting still for a little while, like about what he's doing
with his money.
And you kind of got to like live vicariously is like, that's what that kind of exit would
be like, like this is the kind of stuff you'd be dealing with and thinking about.
But then he did taper off.
I don't feel like I see anything from him anymore.
I wish I knew the company or the founder name or who it sold to.
I wish I had any detail here.
This vaguely sounds familiar to me.
Does it?
I think so, but yeah, it's kind of exactly that.
I just feel like there's no one that's like 10 X better than us.
That's like in our circle.
Yeah.
Like they're retired.
They're done.
It was to paddle.
Fold it to paddle.
I think it was profit.
Well, I wish I could remember like the paddle board.
Like the payments.
Oh, no.
Okay.
What?
Oh my God.
I got to scratch him into you, which is, which I think is awesome.
So in Miami, and maybe in other places, there's a company called Paddle, P-A-D-L.
And they just go around anywhere there's like a beach or any kind of coastline and they'll
just drop a bunch of paddle boards there and you can just grab them and use them whenever
you want.
What?
And it's just like a subscription that you pay for.
It's like the scooters kind of same business model, I guess.
Yeah.
But it's like way more fun and like way more useful.
Under everywhere.
Like anytime you see, anytime you're like near any water, they're just one of those things
I just go out and if you want.
That's interesting.
The idea.
It's Patrick Campbell, Patacus on Twitter, sold profit well to paddle HQ.
There you go.
Does he tweet still?
Is the question April 25?
Oh, wait.
That was a repost.
I tweeted on March 12th, but that's about the pace.
Yeah.
That's like a few weeks ago, like a tweet every few weeks.
If I sold for a hundred million, that's probably where I'd be at.
Maybe.
I'm going to go the other way.
Oh, really?
You're just going to tweet constantly.
You have nothing else to do.
Well, why not?
Nothing else to do.
And I'll have like infinite, I'll have like no reason to like, you're like, well, maybe
I'm wrong.
Oh, yeah.
You know, you're right now.
Well, just look at my hundred million.
Oh, well, how much, yeah, how much?
So okay.
Here's a question for you.
It's not well formed.
None of my questions will be worth well from today.
How much do you think like you're doing the right things right now?
And there is a percentage chance.
It turns into a huge exit or you get unlucky and it doesn't or you make mistakes and it
doesn't.
What do you think the breakdown is of your outcomes?
Like, I guess what I'm getting at is if there were five Daxes.
Oh, God help us all.
If there were five Daxes, we would all feel so bad about ourselves.
But if there were five Daxes and they were all doing exactly what you're doing right now,
would you feel like you made the right call if one of those ended up with a hundred million
dollar exit or they just got lucky?
Like, do you feel like at this point you're doing everything you can you guys as a group
and it's really going to come down to luck and not I mean, like as long as you continue
to not screw up, this is a terrible question or so many qualifiers.
I don't know.
I feel like we're most likely not going to succeed.
And if we at this point, if we do, I don't think it's luck.
I feel like we're, there's like maybe like a lot of historical luck that like got us a
point where we even like met each other and started doing this stuff and all things like
go into that.
But like from this point forward, I don't know.
I feel like if we don't succeed, it's just because idea, it's really just the idea.
It didn't make sense.
I think that's it's actually that pure at this point.
Like I think I need to frame it differently.
So maybe it's just that like with your continued excellence and navigating the right paths
and doing the right things and just being good at what you are doing, like the three of you,
I would guess that with all of that combined, you can ensure some kind of success.
You're going to make it in some way.
Well, maybe you can't ensure it, but I'd say like I bet I would bet on you guys making
it somewhere, but the difference in like a soft landing somewhere because somebody needed
to scoop you up because it wasn't going to work out financially and like a 500 million
dollar exit, that's the part that feels like luck to me.
It's like the numbers, it's all the external forces you can't predict, market timing,
the people, the strategic people that would end up scooping you up and what's going on
for them.
It just feels like there's so much in terms of the size of the exit that is just like
literal luck and you have no control over it.
Did you agree with that?
I would definitely say there's an aspect to that as far as in the past couple of years
because you see these big acquisitions where you're just like in hindsight, like did that
make any sense?
Also, by the way, most M&A fails, like most acquisitions like do not, it's not looked
at in hindsight.
It's like this made sense.
Yep.
That's also there.
But I think again, just depends on your company, depends on what you're doing.
I think for us, it actually feels a little bit different.
I feel like we constantly have options to make decisions that would get us a medium
or like decent thing and it oftentimes feels like we're very explicitly not taking those.
You know the barbell theory, you've read Talib, you're like, I'm not going in the middle,
we're going to the big end.
Yeah.
I feel like we're all aligned in that we're like, I don't know, we just, we rather go
all or nothing type of thing in a lot of cases.
Like if you look at where we are right now, you know, we have thousands of real companies
using our stuff, we could probably spin up like one of the most successful consulting
businesses in this space just because we have that pool of people, like service based, like
we offer services and like, you know, probably make a, like more money than any of us really
would need.
Yeah.
And the option is there and it's always there and it continues to be there, it needs to
grow and get more and more attractive.
But like, I don't think any of us are like even a little interested in that.
Not tempted at all.
Yeah.
So that's like an explicit decision, right?
Like we're like choosing, but it feels like it is a kind of inner control.
Sorry.
Here's my actual question.
This is where it was born out of.
If your company, let's say SSC died or had a, what you'd call a low end outcome versus
big, made it moment, huge, whether it's an acquisition or just financial, like you guys
make so much money.
It doesn't matter anymore.
You have like on the other extreme, amazing outcome.
Do you actually feel like you were smarter that like, would you feel smarter if you had
the big outcome, like you actually did the right things?
It's funny though.
Cause like, I would say yes, but not in like, Oh, I did like a hundred right things or like
now I've get it every step, right?
It just feels like the initial bet we made was right.
That's kind of, it just feels that binary and that simple.
It's kind of like trading a stock, right?
You like, let's say you buy an option and you're like, okay, I bet that this stock will
go up over a thousand dollars in six months.
Yeah.
You don't have to do anything in those six months and whether you were right or not
as a good binary thing.
So it kind of feels that way.
Like if we're right about our model of the world, yeah, we will be successful.
If we're not successful, just cause we were wrong about it.
And I think, I think what it comes down to is earlier in my career, I wouldn't have said
that cause there was like a ton of execution risk, like I could have had the right idea.
I've had the right idea a bunch of times and I just like executed it poorly.
Yeah.
That's usually why it failed.
But I think we're all at a point now where it's like, that's not why we're going to fail.
It's not going to be like, we weren't part enough or we did the wrong things, just comes
down to like the correctness of the original idea.
Yeah.
I think the reason I'm asking is I have had some very near miss acquisitions.
And well, one in particular, like I know like it's not a done deal unless it's a done deal.
I know all the tropes about acquisitions and like, well, how do you know you were even
really close?
Like really close to an acquisition that would have been life changing money.
It's a big tech company.
So it would have been like cool to be a founding engineer that sold his company to X, not X.
Sorry.
That was like, like a fake company.
I'm not saying the name of the company.
So like I definitely had those moment weeks where I just, I thought that was my life now.
Like we just had this huge outcome and things will never be the same.
And then it fell through like at the final hour.
And then everything has changed since it's like that is not my life.
I mean, I'm doing okay, but like there was a completely different world in front of me
that I thought was where we were headed.
And then it was taken away.
And it's like at the end of the day, I don't feel different.
I don't feel like I'm smarter or dumber because that fell through in the way that it fell
through.
And it feels like we got really close.
But in like in my mind, what we've done is worth that because we got so close.
It just didn't happen for reasons.
And I guess that's where I detach like my abilities and smartness from like the outcomes,
I guess.
Maybe that's just an excuse.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm just like coping.
No, I think the difference, I think the difference here is actually pretty straightforward.
It's that you were already a product market fit.
So for me, if you look at the way I describe everything, we're not there.
So for me, my obsession is so whether it's as very simple as binary, like does this make
sense or not?
You got past the point where you were like, this thing definitely makes sense.
And it's working.
Yeah, yeah.
And then there I can see how it's like now you're just looking at the range of outcomes
and it kind of seems random.
What happens?
Yeah.
Okay.
So it was product market fit.
I'm glad that you brought us back to product market fit after I said I hate when people talk
about product market fit.
And so I said, like you said, it is the thing.
I don't know why it bothered me is that I think it's just the group of people I've heard
talk about it the most.
No, of course.
So it's any business term just gets like someone learns it one day and they're like,
this is going to make me sound smarter and they just shove it.
Yeah, exactly.
Everything.
Uh huh.
So that's one aspect.
The other aspect I think is, and again, I'm just making stuff up and it's totally possible
I'll feel different.
It's hard for me not to feel like any acquisition, even a big one.
Like there's some negative feeling with that for me.
It feels like a failure in a way.
Really?
Wait.
So like the only real like when you guys keep going for big, what is that big outcome?
Like public.
I want to build something where yeah, like that's that's the goal and I mean, it's not
like that's never happened in the dev tool space like there's plenty of examples.
Yeah.
So it's like, I don't think about that.
I think I'm just such a because I'm on a very different end of the product spectrum.
What I think about acquisition is like the ultimate, that's where you end up, but public
company is.
Yeah.
But then what do you do after that?
I don't know.
Play golf.
Yeah.
So say I might be a different phase of my life and I might like think differently.
But in this moment, if today we got like an amazing opposition offer and that would make
me wealthier than ever need to be, I would probably take it, but then a part of me would
be like, well, it like didn't work out.
And now I got to go bet on a new thing, which I'm sure I'll be excited and happy to do.
And like we talked about, but like you see how there's like some negative like, yeah,
aspect to that whole thing, like that your vision didn't materialize.
I want to have a public company.
You sold me.
I feel we're bust.
This is like, you've really changed something in my brain.
Like I'm viewing acquisitions differently now.
Like that's the easy.
That's the loser's layout.
Yeah.
Cause like you like ran out of steam.
So it's, yeah, it's a, and I think it's less about IPO and more about like you have
a vision for what the ultimate version of everything you're doing could end up at.
Yeah.
And acquisitions end before you hit that.
So that's a negative feeling for me.
Really the dreams that I had are not going to happen.
I'm not going to find out their rights.
Interesting.
I'm not going to like get to do all of that.
And like, of course, when you get a choir, you get to still work on that stuff, but it's,
you know, never the same.
Are there some good examples of like acquisition that was great that went well for the acquire?
Is like the classic one.
That's a good one.
Yeah.
But like, I don't even think the Instagram founders are really how involved were they
in that process?
Like, I feel like it was great for Facebook, but I don't know if yeah, I was talking just
from that perspective, like for the acquirers perspective, because for, I mean, the founders,
it mostly works out.
I mean, sometimes it doesn't, I guess the WhatsApp one's another example where amazing
for Facebook.
Crazy, crazy, like massive, like what is it, like 20 billion, 19 billion, something insane.
Yeah, I was like 17 people on the team or something.
It wasn't that small, but it was very small for the acquisition size.
Yeah.
I think it was Instagram, was Instagram was like 12 or 13 or something.
Okay.
Maybe that's what I'm thinking.
But WhatsApp, which is massive.
And then the founder literally like left being like, fuck this, left like some crazy amount
of money on the table.
I think it was like six, seven hundred million or something like that.
Yeah.
And then gave $50 million to signal to be like, here, I'm going to fund you for life.
And you guys just, you know, continue with my vision for what I think communication should
be about.
Yeah.
Obviously the money is huge and you can't discount that.
But you see how there's like something in your heart that is missed.
Yeah.
No, I get it.
I'm still stuck on the outcomes for the companies that could acquire.
So Facebook, good acquisitions.
Yeah.
Also Disney, like they bought some IP and their day with Star Wars, Lucas.
Marvel.
That's worked out pretty well for them.
I think.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know.
I don't know.
What did they?
Why aren't they acquired?
Oh, the Aspen is acquired by Disney.
Yeah.
I mean, the ABC, which owned ESPN?
I don't know how it happened.
Does everything just, does Disney know his owner?
It's kind of so crazy to me that Disney's not like Disney does own everything.
Every time I find out about how their fingers are in literally everything, I'm like, how
are they not like worth 10 times as much as they are?
Like, they just control all entertainment, like all entertainment.
Yeah.
No, it's true.
Oh, just like every store, every little gas station in the Ozarks should go in.
There's like Disney coloring books.
It's amazing how their merchandise has like.
Merchandising, yeah.
It's filled every nook and cranny in this country and the world.
But the ESPN thing is interesting, like, I don't know if you follow any of the sports
rights.
I don't know anything about it.
Tell me.
Oh, okay.
Well, like, so sports rights, like TV deals are enormous, right?
And like these leagues just keep getting to demand higher contracts for live TV rights
for their sports stuff.
So then they start like the NFL start spreading it around.
They like get Amazon to buy one game a week and all these companies been against each
other.
And they've just driven up rates.
Well, at one point in the peak when ESPN had a hundred million subscribers because of
the cable bundle, like everyone had ESPN in America, whether you watch ESPN or not.
And it was like, most channels, I know some weird stuff that I don't know why I know this,
why I know why I know.
But I'm just realizing this is not common knowledge.
Most channels in the cable bundle, they're getting like 11 cents per subscriber.
And ESPN was getting over $10 a subscriber, it was some insane number.
So they had this crazy, crazy revenue where they had a hundred billion subscriber base
at the peak.
And like basically the cable bundle was subsidizing sports rights deals going to the moon.
And they were spending enormous amounts of money for very long term contracts on deals
with the NBA and the NFL.
And now things changed, I don't know exactly today, like where things are at, but there
was a period there in the middle where it was like, is Disney gonna have to offload ESPN?
Like, it's just gonna kill Disney because they're like the big cash cow of Disney.
They brought in so much money and then they spent so much money.
And it's like, how are they ever gonna get out of that?
Like, as the cable bundle fell apart and people had to go to direct to streaming, like it
takes a while to build that business and ESPN couldn't really work those rights out.
Like they couldn't do direct streaming.
Okay, I'm getting into way too detailed synopsis here.
Why are we talking about ESPN?
What happened?
I'm sorry.
Did I just block out?
I don't know how we got it.
We were talking about Disney should just be giant.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
You were like, ESPN is not doing well for them.
Yeah, sometimes giant companies, you know, they get into trouble.
They make one too many moves.
Yeah, the sports rights thing is crazy.
So like tech companies get the or like buying rights too now, right?
Yeah.
I heard about that.
Because they all have infinite money.
Yeah.
I mean, this is a classic thing where it's not exactly this, but have you heard of, I
don't know butcher the pronunciation, but it's something like bomb balls cost disease.
No.
So there's this thing that can happen where if one industry experiences crazy productivity
gains, like example, in this case, the tech industry, they force increased costs on completely
unrelated industries that have maybe don't even have the ability to like, like they have
an experience the same gains.
Just think about like a worker when there were so much money to be made in tech, a bunch
of workers started to like shift into tech.
And if you want to now have those same people and you're not in the tech industry, but you
need those people, you now have to pay more all of a sudden.
Yeah.
So it can like ruin other industries just because one is doing well and they're like
completely unrelated otherwise.
So it's kind of like what's happening here where the tech companies have so much money.
So now the traditional players have to like meet that bar, but they don't have the same
type of business that can deliver that amount of money.
How does any business compete with Apple?
If Apple's like, like that, if the NFL deal expires and Apple's like, yeah, we'll just
pay like double whatever anybody else would pay, like nobody can compete with their cash.
Yeah.
Like, and why not just own like all NFL TV?
Like, why not just be like, it's Apple now.
Watch football.
Enjoy.
You can only watch on Apple devices.
Right.
I mean, it only is in America anyway, since I'm going to hurt the Android crowd internationally.
Nobody cares about football.
Not this football.
I feel like Apple users don't care about football.
No, they don't.
That's a terrible overlap.
But I'm just saying like they have so much money.
It's like, yeah.
I don't know.
It's true.
Yeah.
How do you compete with your traditional media company?
And yeah.
Yeah.
We'll see what happens.
I think we're like entering the beginning of an era where we're like going to like understand
what happens in these cases because I think these companies are now finally looking to
really expand into places that are like weirdly the seems unrelated.
Like, of course, they always have like a point of entry into it.
But like 10 years ago, if you're like, Apple is going to buy like the NFL, right?
You're just like, what the fuck that makes no sense, but we're at the place where that
kind of things aren't to happen now.
Yeah.
I mean, Twitter bought some games, Amazon Prime, like Twitter, NFL on Amazon Prime.
Twitter air.
So this is what everyone is complaining about with the.
No, that was peacock.
Which makes a little more sense.
Yeah.
That's like NBC.
So it's like a traditional media company.
But yeah, people were upset because you had to subscribe to peacock to watch this one playoff
game.
That was a huge playoff game.
I mean, the NFL playoffs are, they're all the games are big and they got a ton of subscribers.
And I'm sure those people all cancel their accounts after they watch the game.
It's such a fascinating thing because this, I feel like this always happens where we were
all annoyed with cable because we were like, I don't want to, I don't care about these
like 90 channels.
I only watch 10 and we're like, just give me like an on demand service.
And then definitely Netflix came out with like, Oh, cool.
Netflix.
I'm gonna play for Netflix.
And I kind of get this.
And another thing came out.
Yeah, they came out.
We're rebundling.
We unbundled.
Now we're bundling it back up.
It's worse.
Cause like you're now you're crazy fragmented that the UX experience of it is terrible because
you're like juggling multiple apps and like logging at different things.
And it's like, I wish I had one service that bundled all these different streaming services
into one like cable.
Yeah.
I'm bundling, I'm rebundling thing, but this, I feel this always happens where this thing
with it's happening with LMS now where like, you know, there's chat JBT and it worked well,
but then now there's this other one that like is better in some cases.
So you're like, maybe I should use that one, but then sometimes it's worse.
So then you have to switch back to the other one.
So I was just like, yeah, you can always bet on and I'm like obsessed with this concert
to just like, it crossed my mind where it's like, I think we talked about where I'm like,
we always imagined the future to be neater, but it's actually usually more chaotic than
it is now.
Yeah.
This thing's always end up more messy.
Just like kind of entropy.
Entropy.
Yeah.
Exactly.
It's like a law of the universe.
Yeah.
It's funny.
Cause I had that thought, but I didn't know if you knew entropy was.
So I didn't know.
Oh, I was I was pretty proud of myself when I came up with that word and it stopped in
my head.
And I was like, I can see the pride in your face.
Yeah.
That's so funny that you did these.
That word.
How many words do you not use?
You dumb down.
Just to talk to me.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's not just you.
I also like do I need to make this metaphor again?
Like do I need to say entropy again?
Yeah.
I'm going to avoid it this time.
Okay.
But yeah, it's like it's like guaranteed.
Oh, also speaking that I don't think there's other thing I wanted to talk about where I'm
constantly seeing these tweets where they're like, I think you're you may be experiencing
this too, because you're you're using some of these tools, but people are like, wow,
Claude, Opus, whatever is so much better than chat GPT, like, here's an examples.
Huh?
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
I thought you were talking about these aggregator people who are like, here's 10 of the best
of them.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Like, sure is blowing everyone's mind.
There's 10 best examples.
Well, that's just like a million of those.
That's a different thing.
But then people are like, Oh, like I'm just using Claude for everything and they're using
the API.
Oh, it's cheaper and like gives you better results.
But this stuff is so noisy right now where when chat GPT came out was good, but they're
clearly like messing with the cost to them performance spectrum and they've like made
it worse.
Claude just came out.
So they're like trying to show off how good they are.
There's no guarantee that they're not going to like make it worse over time.
Yeah.
The price we're paying for these things are totally made up like we don't have their subject
guys.
We don't know like what the rationale for it is.
So it's impossible to tell right now.
Like, if I'm going to build the business that uses feature, it's like there's like no
stability like is a feature going to get worse over time is going to get 10x more expensive
over time.
Is that break?
Yeah.
Use of it.
It's just so hard to tell.
Yeah.
It's so hard to evaluate.
Are the outputs actually good?
Yeah.
Because you can like spot check, you can just do like arbitrary tests, but like across the
whole point of these things is to take like very general input and then do something very
specific with that.
So like you can't test all the inputs.
So like most people who say, Oh, this model is better than that model at this type of
thing.
You haven't tested that much.
You don't know.
Yeah.
Like there's very little actual data around, I mean, there's these benchmarks and that's
I think interesting to talk about.
But they're like the public versions of the model, they're like tweaking the hardware
behind it.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
So then it's like, it's good this week, but then two weeks from now it could be worse.
Like, I don't know.
Yeah.
That's very interesting.
It does.
It does make me wonder for AWS because they are usually very precise with their pricing
where they're like, this is what it costs.
Yeah.
I don't remember them ever raising prices.
They usually bring prices down.
Yep.
But with something so undefined like this, like whatever they're charging for bedrock,
like, can you rely on that?
Because they historically, and they know they won't have to raise.
Yeah.
It seems really difficult and like this crazy flurry of trying to get these products out.
Like the, the cloud models, the entoropic stuff, is that not open source?
No.
I thought they were like, so bedrock can have like proprietary models too.
I thought they just.
They have a deal with the entoropic.
Yeah.
So why don't they have open AI stuff?
They just haven't done a deal.
Azure has that deal.
Oh, okay.
I think it's a good set up for these companies.
It's like just work on making the models and then Amazon work on distributed and agile
work on distributing them.
So is that the only way cloud is distributed?
How do people use cloud?
And they have a direct API, but obviously it's better when it's embedded in a cloud provider.
Yeah.
And I'm like, yeah, just don't even have a direct API, I think.
Okay.
It's for ease of use and stuff, but yeah.
There's some, some nerds on Twitter that won't be able to use your thing anymore.
But who cares?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's like I see, I saw a post where someone was like, I switched from open AI
to chat JBT and my cost went down 30% and I'm like, yeah, how long is that going to last?
I don't know.
Yeah.
I mean, these things tend to be very easily swappable.
So it's not a big deal, but yeah, I'm having a tough time like modeling any kind of cost
or anything with it.
It's difficult.
Yeah.
It's a big black box right now.
But there's a lot of growing optimism around this big black box taking us to the promised
land.
I don't know about the robot.
So every time somebody shows me these videos of a robot, like running around in the jungle,
let's stop making so many robots because this is how they're going to get us.
If we're worried about AI safety, maybe stop, cool it on the robots.
Like let's figure out the, the software part first and then then let's give it a body.
But there's so many of them now.
People are all really trying to get the robots out there.
See how this ends.
It's wild to me how difficult the robotics stuff is because I feel like we've been seeing
robotics demos for like as long as I can remember.
Oh, yeah.
And they definitely get better, but I'm like, they still like can't do shit, you know.
Yeah.
And it's like, damn, this is a very hard problem.
And I think they're adding in the AI stuff now, which makes it like quote unquote, like
learn and understand things in a dynamic way.
But that's not what I'm talking about.
I'm actually talking about like it's physical capabilities and how it moves in the fluidity
of the movement.
It's just like, wow, they suck still compared to like muscles and bones turns out are pretty
good at moving around in space and joints, like, yeah, yeah, it's a hard thing.
It's a hard thing to mimic with metal and silicon and whatever else.
I think realistically, we're probably just going to have clones that we enslaved.
What?
How do we get here?
Well, if you can't get there with metals, if you can't get there with metal, like the
only option.
You think we're going to clump.
Wait.
Hey, I want me to do this.
You think, okay, I was just kidding, but you know, definitely like a sci fi concept that
comes up.
Well, yeah, I need to understand what is the concept like we would, you would clone yourself
and that becomes a baby that 31 years from now will be like you.
What are you doing with that clump?
I'm taking its organs for myself with 30 years from now.
Oh, I see.
It's going to be a little bit young or that's creepy.
That's like a sci fi thing.
I feel like this is a sci fi concept that comes up all the time.
Interesting.
I don't think I've seen any movies like that.
By the way, don't watch outlaws.
What the hell is outlaws?
It's like it's like on Netflix, it's a happy Madison movie.
Why do people like Adam Sandler movies?
His sense of humor is so stupid.
Yeah, I know.
It's just like so over the top and like, I don't know.
I always thought I liked I'm saying there, but you watch a movie and you're like, yeah,
this is totally what Adam Sandler would think is funny, but it's not funny.
No, but he's got a weird spectrum of stuff.
So I think he has like really stupid stuff.
He has slightly stupid stuff.
He has stuff that's like really weird and really good.
What was that?
A 24 movie?
So there was a serious movie he did wasn't there?
There's a bunch of good movies.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
But I think his older comedies are good, like, it might be nostalgia, but like happy deal
more and like all this stuff that happened.
But they're so over the top and this one is like a modern movie.
And when you see the overtop this in a bothered comedy, I'm so dasily.
It just was too much.
It was just stupid.
My wife and I just looked at each other for an hour and a half.
Like, what are we watching?
Why do we do this?
Okay.
There was a movie called Uncut Gems.
Have you seen it?
No.
Okay.
Adam Sandler is a main character.
And this is like one of the most stressful movies you will ever watch in your whole life
because he's this guy that owns a jewelry store or something like that, a really weird
character.
And he's a degenerate gambler and the whole movie is a fast paced thing of him like getting
into these scenarios where he's literally going to die because he's like gambled too
much and someone's going to kill him, like, eking out a way to like gamble again and like
getting back to even then doing it again, just over and over and over and over and over
and just like it's like this like crazy like buildup of just stress and how the hell can
people live like this?
Oh, I do not want to be stressed when I'm watching a movie.
It was a good movie.
You should watch it.
I just don't.
I want to.
I want to just enjoy myself.
I like being like, I think I do like movies that make me like, uh, confused like I think
I like the ones, I think I like the ones where at the end, I'm like, I don't even know what
just happened.
Cause I seem to be drawn to them like inception movies that you feel like you'd have to watch
a lot.
Well, you watch sinker Taylor soldiers by you said and that is yeah, it was a lot of
that.
I don't know what happened, but I like how I'm feeling right now.
It's in the heart, not the head.
All right, I've got to blow my nose so bad, but I can't talk on a mic any longer today.
This is, I feel awful.
I've got so many different weird things going on, uh, so I keep thinking the thing I'm doing
next is like next week, but it's actually yeah, yeah, yeah, but I'm coming to Miami.
I can't wait.
It's going to be so fun.
You did right.
I booked my flight.
Uh, I don't have a hotel for the extracurricular activities yet.
I probably will get one because I don't know, sounds like a lot, but I just feel like I'm
going to miss out on like the camping experience.
Like the fun.
No, no, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll all just hang out together and then I'll just go to
sleep.
Yeah.
I'll go back to my hotel.
Okay.
Yeah.
There's going to be some people sleeping at Dax's house.
And I kind of want to like, I don't know, rose marshmallows and like tell spooky stories,
but I feel like it's funny because I feel like everyone is adult AF.
So we're just, it's just going to want to go to sleep at 11.
Yeah.
It's probably even earlier.
You got to stay until 11.
Okay.
I'm getting out.
For sure.
So you guys are talking about going to bed by 11, no, I'll send you some places by me.
It'll be like a 10 minute walk.
Yeah.
I think I get a different.
Just like somewhere really close.
And then react Miami.
Good times.
Everybody's coming to Miami.
It's going to be fun.
Yeah.
We started planning our party or like lists are planning because she's very good at that
stuff.
It's going to be a huge list of things that we need to do.
But it's going to be fun.
We're going to try to figure out like we might have a good food truck or something similar.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
Look, you guys have some special decorations like balloons.
Sorry.
I don't know what decorations we're going to make it feel like over the top here in Miami,
Florida.
Love it.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm going to go home and ask.
Okay.
It's probably be if there's blood.
Go to the hospital.
Ew.
No.
Wait, really?
There's more blood.
No, no, no.
Mine knows we'll have time.
Okay.
When I think too hard.
See it.
See you next week.
Yeah.